When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all 
your work local?
when working with many other people on a collabrative project it would 
be helpful to use a remote repository

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having 
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
You would want to puoll changes manually because people might make 
changes to the remote repository that you do not want in your git
If Git automatically stayed up to date you would have commits in your
git that you have never seen before.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When
would you use one instead of another?
A fork is a clone created on GitHub
A clone is when the computer takes a whole repository and makes a copy
of it 
A branch is when in the same repository a deviation from the master
branch is made
You would use a fork when you want to make a clone of someone's program
on GitHub and you want to give them credit
A clone is used when you want to make a copy of an entire repository to
say give it to a friend to try on their computer
A branch would be used when trying out experimental ideas on your
program but you do not want to affect the overall project

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the 
remote stored locally?
When running git fetch it will allow you to compare the changes made 
locally and on the remote
If someone else makes a change on the remote you can compare what they
changed to what was previously on the remote

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?
Without using Git or GitHub I would have to collaborate with other
people by physically showing them my computer and seeing what needs
to be changed
This would make life a lot harder as we would have to be together
to fix and compare changes
It would only be easier to colloborate on merge and pulls if there is\
an error or merge conflict

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
You would want to make a seperate branch maybe when creating an
experimental idea so that you dont mess up the master branch
When doing this though you will need to push to GitHub, create a 
pull request, fix any changes by pulling back to your computer,
than pushing back to GitHub and then merging the branch with master
If you made the chagnes directly to the master branch, you would not
have to take all these steps but you also risk ruining the master
branch.

